Transitioning away from `musl` (#624)
phylum-dev/cli: README.md

https://github.com/phylum-dev/cli/tree/main/extensions

> ### musl support
> 
> Following the release of the extensions feature, as of version 3.8.0, Phylum CLI
> has a dependency on `glibc` and thus can no longer support `musl` compilation targets.
> 
> This means that `phylum` won't be executable in environments such as Alpine Linux.
> 
> If your use case requires a lightweight Docker base image, consider using
> [Debian slim](https://hub.docker.com/_/debian).
> 

Reviewer: I don't like the idea of saying that we "can no longer support" musl. Users can still build from source to get binaries that are dynamically-linked against musl. And some truly advanced user may even find a way to build a statically-linked version.

The change is the binaries that we provide. Here's a possible way to write this section:

```suggestion
### libc version

As of version 3.8.0, the provided Linux binaries of the Phylum CLI depend on
`glibc`. We no longer provide binaries that are statically compiled with `musl`
libc

This means the provided binaries won't be executable in environments such as
Alpine Linux.

If your use case requires a lightweight Docker base image, consider using
[Debian slim](https://hub.docker.com/_/debian) or [building from
source](https://docs.phylum.io/docs/alternate_install)
```

https://github.com/phylum-dev/cli/tree/main/extensions

### musl binaries

As of version 3.8.0, the provided Linux binaries of the Phylum CLI depend on
`glibc`. We no longer provide binaries that are statically compiled with the
`musl` libc.

This means the provided binaries won't be executable in environments such as
Alpine Linux. If your use case requires a lightweight Docker base image,

> consider using [Debian slim](debian-slim) instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
consider using [Debian slim][debian-slim] instead.
```
This is a broken link otherwise.

https://github.com/phylum-dev/cli/tree/main/extensions

> ### musl support

Reviewer: I still think the heading here could be improved. This section isn't really talking about `musl support` because we can still build against musl libc as long as we dynamically link.

I think a heading like `libc version` or `libc requirement` would be more accurate.
